1. What tech stack will you use for your final project? We recommend that you use React and Node for this project, however if you are extremely interested in becoming a Python developer you are welcome to use Python/Flask for this project.
    As of now I will try the React and Node combination. How I do on the cumilative project will play into that. 

2. Is the front-end UI or the back-end going to be the focus of your project? Or are you going to make an evenly focused full-stack application?
    I would like to make the application evenly balanced, but my priority will be the backend. 

3. Will this be a website? A mobile app? Something else?
    This will be a website - since I don't know how to do mobile apps or anything else.

4. What goal will your project be designed to achieve?
    The goal is to increase retail sales in a store environment. 

5. What kind of users will visit your app? In other words, what is the demographic of your users?
    The app user will be retail stores desiring to play music to drive sales. 

6. What data do you plan on using? How are you planning on collecting your data? You may have not picked your actual API yet, which is fine, just outline what kind of data you would like it to contain. You are welcome to create your own API and populate it with data. If you are using a Python/Flask stack are required to create your own API.
    I will use the Apple Music API and ChatGPT data for song and beats per minute data gathering respectively. 

7. In brief, outline your approach to creating your project (knowing that you may not know everything in advance and that these details might change later). Answer questions like the ones below, but feel free to add more information:
    a. What does your database schema look like?


    b. What kinds of issues might you run into with your API? This is especially important if you are creating your own API, web scraping produces notoriously messy data.
        Ensuring that ChatGPT returns an appropriate response and knows the beats per minute for all of the Apple songs. 

    c. Is there any sensitive information you need to secure?
        No, but I will have logins and authentication. 

    d. What functionality will your app include?
        Creating playlists, saving playlists, editing playlists. 
    
    e. What will the user flow look like?
        1. Homepage with Login/Signup
        - See journal articles supporting this method. 
        2. Create Playlist Form 
        - Input playlist options
        3. Save and Edit the playlist. 


    f. What features make your site more than a CRUD app? What are your stretch goals?
        1. User authentication
        Stretch:
        1. Share playlists
        2. Create reviews and forums for playlists
        3. Add sales data and make charts?
